the eye of the enemy is moving
the end has come every day Frodo moves
toward
how do we know
what does your heart tell you
kumusta yeah
come to me
mrs. Rowe tests every path you have trod
through wilderness through war
has led to this road
the enemy will never let out ago and
come to the throne of Gondor it is time
give him sort of the king become who you
were born to be my precious sleepy
victim eres la love sending him away
come to me
the borders set
the pieces of me
you see you got to it last
I see in your eyes the same fear that
would take the heart of me
a day may come on the courage of men
fails
when we forsake our friends and break
all bonds of fellowship but it is not
this day whatever happens stay with me
this day we part
all you have to decide what to do with
the time that is given
we shall see the Shire again
you gave away your life space I cannot
protect you anymore
cannot achieve victory through strength
of arms
but for ourselves but we can give throat
of chance